MinJee Keh is a third-year doctoral student in social welfare at the University of California, Berkeley. Her research interests focus on work-family balance, low-wage precarious employment, and social welfare policy. She examines these issues through the lens of gender, race, class inequality.

MinJee holds a double B.A. in political science/social welfare and M.S.W. with a concentration in social security and policy from Yonsei University in South Korea. Her Master's thesis focused on the use of parental leave and job continuity among women in South Korea. Before starting the doctoral program, she conducted field practicum at Hwawon community center and had research experience with Korean government-funded research projects.

MinJee is currently a research assistant of the ACF-funded FSSRN project, Racial Equity in the TANF Service Delivery Path to Family Stability and Self-Sufficiency(P.I.: Yu-Ling Chang). She has conducted literature review, data collection, and advanced multivariate analysis of the Census survey and administrative datasets. She was a selected trainee of the 2021 California Applied Data Analytics Program and obtained training in big data tools, machine learning, working with confidential state administrative data. She is also a research assistant of The Effects of the Unemployment Insurance Modernization Provisions on Benefit Receipt and Employment Patterns Among Unemployed Family Caregivers(P.I.: Yu-Ling Chang), funded by the Upjohn Institute for Employment Research. Moreover, she is working on a paper about reconciling low-wage precarious work and family responsibilities in a comparative context and a presentation examining the TANF program's responses to the COVID-19 crisis in California.
